"Hamilton's mind always worked with pretenatural speed. His collected papers were so stupefying in length that it is hard to believe that one man created them in fewer that five decades. Words were his chief weapons, and his account books are crammed with purchases for thousands of quills, parchments, penknives, slate pencils,reams of foolscap, and wax. His papers show that , Mozart-like, he could transpose complex thoughts onto paper with few revisions. At other times, he tinkered with the prose but generally did not alter the logical progression of his thought. He wrote with the speed of a beautifully organized mind that digested ideas thoroughly, slotted them into appropriate pigeonholes, then regurgitated them at will."

"There is a splendid, if unsubstantiated story about Hamilton and Morris at [the Constitutional Convention] that rings true and conveys Morris's ironic, self-assured style. Hamilton and Morris were discussing how Washington signaled to people that they shold amintain a respectful distance and not behave too familiarly with him. Hamilton wagered Morris that he would not dare to accost Washington with a friendly slap on the back. Taking up the challenge, Morris found Washington standing by the fireplace in a drawing room and genially cuffed him on the shoulder: 'My dear general, how happy I am to see you look so well.' Washington fixed Morris with such a frigid gaze that Morris was sorry that he had ever taken up Hamilton's dare."

"If not a deep thinker as a politician, Burr was profiecient lawyer who vied with Hamilton for standing at the New York bar. He knew that Hamilton was the better orator, despite his sometimes windy bombast. He also said that anyone who tried to compete with Hamilton on paper was lost. Nevertheless, some of Burr's associates thought he was the superior lawuer, a man who went straight to the nub of the matter. [...] Hamilton smothered opponents with arguments, whil Burr resorted to cunning ruses and unexpected tricks to carry the day.
[...] That the competition between Hamilton and Burr originated in their early days in legal practice is confirmed by a tale told by James Parton, an early Burr biographer. The first time that the two maen jointly defended a client, the question came up as to who would speak first and who would sum up. Protocol stipulated that the lead attorney would do the summation, and Hamilton wished to be the one. Burr was so offended by this patent vanity that in his opening speech he tried to anticipate all the points that Hamilton would likely make. Apparently, he was so efficient at this that Hamilton, embarrassed, had nothing to say to the end. If the story is true, it was on of the few times that Alexander Hamilton was ever left speechless."

"You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against."

"Or perhaps in Slytherin,
You'll make your real friends,
Those cunning folks use any means,
To achieve their ends"

"I don't believe in the idea that there are a few peculiar people capable of understanding math and the rest of the world in normal. Math is a human discovery, and it's no more complicated than humans can understand. I had a calculus textbook once that said, "What one fool can do, another fool can." What we've been able to work out about nature may look abstract and threatening to someone who hasn't studied it, but it was fools who did it, and in the next generation, all the fools will understand it. There's a tendency to pomposity in all this, to make it all deep and profound..." - Richard Feynmann